# 1
Well, I think one way to reduce air pollution is planting trees because trees are able to absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen through a process known as photosynthesis, so the area will become much cleaner, but if not there will be more and more carbon dioxide pouring into the atmosphere, which will create more pollution, so people might have wear special masks to protect themselves and some people might get sick like getting lung cancer or something like that, even worse, I think some people might even died because of this. 


# 2
Well, I think one way to reduce air pollution is planting trees because trees are able to absorb carbon dioxide and release oxygen through a process known as photosynthesis, and so the air will become much cleaner for people to breathe, besides, I think people can choose to ==take public transportation like subway== or bus because in this way the number of private cars running on the roads will be reduced and so there will be less carbon dioxide, sulfur dioxide or nitrogen monoxide in the atmosphere, and the air quality will be improved. 

# ex

1 2023.1.15-4（重复 2020.8.3-4/2021.2.22-1/2022.11.16 线下 ）

A/D：It is important to learn about the history of your ancestors.

2 2023.8.6（重复2021.8.1-4/2021.8.22-8/2021.9.20-9/2021.11.24-7/2022.5.15-2）

Some people believe that certain places on Earth should be preserved and protected forever from human development. Others believe that humans should be able to use and develop all areas on Earth as the human population grows. Which view do you agree with? Explain why.

2 2023.2.12-4 （重复2021.1.3-2/2022.1.2-3/2022.11.19 PM）

Your city is considering a proposal to require car owners to pay an additional fee if they drive cars that do not meet environmental standards set by the city for air pollution. Do you think this is a good idea? Explain why or why not. Support your opinion with specific details and examples.



3 2023.6.24 台湾/日本(重复 2014.11.29/2021.12.4 线下/2022.7.23AM/2022.10.31-2/2022.12.21 线下)

Some people believe governments should invest money in programs designed to save and protect endangered species of animals. Others believe that money for such programs should only come from private sources. Which point of view do you agree with? Explain why.