The reading and listening passages ==debate on possible solutions== to slower the frogs population decline. 
The reading material believes that restricting pesticide use, apply treatment to frogs and protect water habitats can solve the problem, which are contradicted in the following lecture.

Firstly, ==even though the author in reading claims that== frogs are being harmed by the use of pesticides, the professor argues in the lecture that prohibiting pesticides is not economical practical and fair. ==To support this point==, the professor mentions that stricter rules will reduce the competitiveness of farmers who live near sensitive frog populations. Without pesticides, **farmers will struggle to grow healthier crops with greater yield**, which means that they can not compete against rivals who live in other regions.

Moreover, ==despite the statement in reading that== antifungal medication and treatments help kill the fungus, the speaker ==indicates== that it will be both expensive and complicated to implement this strategy. **==Then==, she points out that the treatment can only be applied ==individually==, and it is impossible to do this in large scale ==since== people need to capture each frog one by one**. ==Also==, the speaker provides fact that **researchers will need to apply the medicine again for new generation**. Obviously, the professor's argument disproves its counterpart in the reading.

**Lastly, ==the author in reading asserts that== the habitat for frogs is damaged by excessive water use, ==whereas== the professor contends that the wetlands are negatively influenced by global warming instead of water use. The professor ==proves her claim is indefensible by offering the idea that== global warming is causing the reduction in water, which has the possibility to wipe out the entire species.**
