The reading talks about the quackers sound in Russian submarines, and it provides three possible hypothesis to address this mystery.

However, the speaker explains that all of the postulations are invalid, and she refutes each of the points made by the author.

To begin with, the reading asserts that the sounds are caused by male and female orca whale during the courtship ritual. Nevertheless, the speaker casts doubt on such statement. She posits that the orca whale dwells on the surface of the water, but the submarines were usually in the deep area. Thus, the assumption with orca whale does not seem possible.

Furthermore, the reading goes on to suggest that giant squid may be the cause of the noises because they have the soft bodies that could hide from the sonar. On the contrary, the speaker opposes this view by saying that the quacker sounds only occurred from 1960 to 1980. On the other hand, the giant squid has continued to live in today. Therefore, squid is not likely to be the cause of noises, either.

Finally, the reading alleges that the sounds can also be produced by military technology from other countries. Once again, the speaker repudiates such claim. She points out that the quackers sound were moving around very quickly, which could not be done by the submarines at that time. Moreover, the engine of submarines can never be that quiet, either.

As a result, this is essentially another false hypothesis.

# 我的

The reading passage and the lecture discuss about the strange quackers sound heard by Russian submarines. However, the professor refutes each of the three theories mentioned in the reading passage.

First, the reading passage argues that the strange noises were generated by male and female orca whale during the courtship ritual. On the contrary, the professor challenges this point by mentioning that orca whales usually reside close to the surface of the water, while the submarines are patrolling in deep water. Thus, all the evidences discredit this theory.

Second, despite the writer in the reading passage claims that the sounds were caused by giant squid which lives deep in the ocean, the professor opposes this idea. To elaborate, giant squid was observed living in the deep ocean in 1960. After 2 decades, the odd sounds somehow disappeared, but giant squid continues to live until today. Hence it makes no nense that giant squid is the source of sounds.

Third, according to the passage, the sounds indicate that another country's submarines are secretly patrolling in the area. Nonetheless, the professor contends that no submarine could change direction as quick as how it shows. Moreover, submarine engines will produce significant noise. Consequently, since no submarine could swim that fast in that silence, it stands no chance that the strange quackers sound was made by another submarine.