---
sidebar_position: 1
---

<p>So I've talked on this channel before about how I think there are a lot of parallels between video games and real life.</p>
<p>In a video game, as your character progresses through the game and you upgrade your stats and make more money, you're able to unlock better equipment, new and more powerful abilities, and travel to different and more exciting parts of the map.</p>
<p>And life kinda works in the exact same way.</p>
<p>As you develop marketable skills and improve yourself, your options in life open up.</p>
<p>Our entire society seems to operate on a competence hierarchy.</p>
<p>The people who get the most attention, the most money, and have the most opportunity in life tend to, not always, but tend to be very, very good at something.</p>
<p>But I think we can analyze video games and try to figure out what makes them so compelling.</p>
<p>Why is it so fun to level up our in-game character?</p>
<p>And can we <span class="origin-text">leverage<span class="translated-text">利用</span></span> that and apply that same approach to real life?</p>
<p>But in order to answer that question more accurately, we need to dive into video games and figure out what video games are doing better than real life.</p>
<p>Video games have better clarity of objectives.</p>
<p>Say in RuneScape, if you're level 1 attack, you can only <span class="origin-text">wield<span class="translated-text">挥舞, 运用, 支配</span></span> the bronze or iron sword.</p>
<p>And if you try to pick up a steel sword, it won't let you. It says you need level 5 attack.</p>
<p>So all you gotta do is slash up goblins for like half an hour and you can achieve level 5.</p>
<p>Even when you talk to a random NPC in Skyrim and he wants you to go do something, whatever he said automatically gets updated to a quest log.</p>
<p>And if you were to Wikipedia that quest, it would tell you exactly what reward you, <span class="origin-text">stand to gain<span class="translated-text">获益</span></span> from completing it and what exact steps you need to do to complete that quest.</p>
<p>While the possibilities for what you can do in a video game may not be as extensive as they are in real life, the objectives are certainly more clear.</p>
<p>You know, we know exactly what we need to do in a video game most of the time, unless it's like a puzzle game and you like that kind of thing.</p>
<p>In real life though, you're kind of born to a random family and a random part of the map.</p>
<p>You have a random race and a random socioeconomic class.</p>
<p>And as far as you know, you didn't even agree to play the game.</p>
<p>You didn't even know you were playing the game until you gained some sort of mental <span class="origin-text">autonomy<span class="translated-text">自治，自主权</span></span>.</p>
<p>The people around you <span class="origin-text">espouse<span class="translated-text">拥护; 支持</span></span> vague <span class="origin-text">sentiments<span class="translated-text">情绪; (基于情感的</span></span>观点) like, Get a good job, find a good wife, settle down and have a nice house.</p>
<p>And all of these things are great, but they definitely lack the clarity that a video game gives you.</p>
<p>And the vagueness of it all definitely leads a lot of people to have analysis <span class="origin-text">paralysis<span class="translated-text">瘫痪；麻痹</span></span></p>
<p>or not know exactly what they want to do in life because there's so many options.</p>
<p>they can't pick one, they're afraid if they go on a path, it's not going to be the right one.</p>
<p>So video games definitely have more clear objectives that help you, you know, do stuff.</p>
<p>Another big one is difficulty.</p>
<p>Video games are way easier than real life.</p>
<p>Physically, all it asks of you is to move your fingers a little bit and hit some plastic every once in a while.</p>
<p>All you're doing is kind of tricking your monkey brain into thinking that you're achieving things, but in reality, you're just sitting there.</p>
<p>So physically, it's extremely easy and the time commitment is usually way lower.</p>
<p>But in real life, if you want to become a master chef, it takes an entire lifetime.</p>
<p>And not only that, you have to be interested in it.</p>
<p>You have to be willing to sacrifice friendships and other things, in order to pursue that goal over years and years and decades.</p>
<p>You want to find a wife in the Sims. All you have to do is look around for the first girl that you see that's kind of the relatively same age as you.</p>
<p>There's literally a bar that tells you how into you she is and as soon as that bar hits the end or it maxes out, you can pop her the question and then you have a wife. And that can take like 15 minutes to do.</p>
<p>In real life, though, if you want to find a spouse, you got to clean yourself up a bit.</p>
<p>You have to be somewhat respectable.</p>
<p>You got to go out and meet new people and put yourself in uncomfortable situations.</p>
<p>You have to be bold and courageous to ask people out and ask them on a date and you need to show up to that date.</p>
<p>And maybe that will lead to a couple more dates and it might work out in heartbreak because you really liked that girl and she didn't like you back.</p>
<p>Or maybe she really liked you and you didn't really like her.</p>
<p>You know, you can be going on dates for years and years and decades even, and you might never even find a spouse.</p>
<p>Life is just way harder than video games.</p>
<p>Even if you look at something so simple as getting jacked, you know, getting big and muscular at the gym.</p>
<p>In real life, it's actually pretty simple.</p>
<p>Eat lots of protein around a gram per pound of body weight.</p>
<p>You need to go to the gym and lift more weight than you did last time.</p>
<p>You got to do that over and over and over again until you're like a huge human being.</p>
<p>But in most video games, your characters usually just come pre-built jacked.</p>
<p>You're just a super muscular guy right off the get go and you don't even need a workout to maintain it. It's amazing.</p>
<p>Okay, so let's talk about risk.</p>
<p>In real life, everything's kind of a risk.</p>
<p>In the pursuit of wealth, you risk going bankrupt.</p>
<p>In the pursuit of <span class="origin-text">intimacy<span class="translated-text">亲密, 性交</span></span>, we risk rejection.</p>
<p>In the pursuit of a particular degree, you risk the chance that you picked the wrong one. You risk years of hating whatever you picked.</p>
<p>But in video games, there's basically no risk.</p>
<p>You risk losing gold and supplies, I guess, that don't really exist.</p>
<p>But ultimately, you don't get to feel the stabs, the hacks and the slashes inflicted upon your in-game character.</p>
<p>If you die, you just respawn.</p>
<p>So if video games have clearer objectives, they are easier to do and there's basically no risk involved, then what's stopping us from spending just all of our time in video games and giving up on this whole life thing and just spending all of our time playing Minecraft?</p>
<p>Well, I think it's in this final category where life really takes the lead. And that is the category of rewards.</p>
<p>It's nice to get a little dopamine rush when you get a headshot or a squad wipe or a win or unlocking that new armor or that special knife, but it only feels good while you're playing the game.</p>
<p>Video game rewards are what I would call superficial rewards.</p>
<p>They're instantly gratifying, kind of like a donut.</p>
<p>They're sweet and they're colorful on the surface, but hollow, and nutritionally useless at its core.</p>
<p>And if all you eat is donuts, you will gradually decay and become ill on a long enough timeline.</p>
<p>Video game rewards are fun, but they do virtually nothing to increase your baseline sense of fulfillment.</p>
<p>Whereas rewards in real life both have a higher ceiling and are deeper and longer lasting.</p>
<p>Getting a squad wipe is really fun in the moment, but it <span class="origin-text">pales<span class="translated-text">变苍白</span></span> in comparison to the type of satisfaction that living a life that you're proud of gives you,</p>
<p>being somebody that you admire. Living your life in a way that, you know, if you were viewing yourself from the third person, you'd say, hey, that guy's a really cool guy.</p>
<p>Being that person offers you a satisfaction that video game rewards just can't give you.</p>
<p>Life offers you the opportunity to make something of yourself so you can contribute to the world around you.</p>
<p>And that feels good on an existential level, not just on a little brain chemical level.</p>
<p>And if you're not enough of that Sunday school <span class="origin-text">sermon<span class="translated-text">布道；冗长的说教</span></span>,</p>
<p>how do we make real life into a video game?</p>
<p>How do we <span class="origin-text">leach<span class="translated-text">过滤</span></span> all of the power and the compelling nature of video games and apply it to real life?</p>
<p>Well, I have a couple ideas. Well, a few ideas. A couple is two, a few is more than three, three or more.</p>
<p>I have a few ideas, several ideas even.</p>
<p>Step one is to get clearer objectives.</p>
<p>You have to treat the goals in your life like a quest log in a video game.</p>
<p>You need to clearly define what your goal is and what the steps you need to take to get there are.</p>
<p>And then you need to clearly define the reward that you stand to gain for achieving that thing.</p>
<p>If you don't have that roadmap, then you can't really guarantee that your brain can fully understand what's <span class="origin-text">at <span class="translated-text">桩; 股份</span></span>(处于成败关头).</p>
<p>So if something is important to you, write it down.</p>
<p>Write exactly what it is that you need to achieve and write down every single little step you need to take to get there as efficiently as possible.</p>
<p>You can get yourself emotionally excited about it.</p>
<p>You know, there's a reason why you want the things that you want.</p>
<p>It's because you <span class="origin-text">stand to gain<span class="translated-text">获益</span></span> so much from it.</p>
<p>But unless you clearly define it, you're going to forget it.</p>
<p>And once you create a roadmap of all of the quests you have on queue, you could really benefit from reducing the difficulty.</p>
<p>Video games are extremely easy. Life is hard, but it doesn't have to be that way.</p>
<p>If you break down these quests into the smallest possible daily action that will <span class="origin-text">propel<span class="translated-text">推动；驱使</span></span> you towards your goal.</p>
<p>If your goal is to write a book, you've always wanted to write a book. You want to become an author.</p>
<p>Then break down that thing, that goal, into the smallest possible daily habit that you're actually likely to do.</p>
<p>You know, if you want to learn guitar, if you want to be very good at guitar, but you never practice, then download a habit tracker and make practice 15 minutes of guitar.</p>
<p>I don't know how many quotations I need.</p>
<p>A daily habit that you do every single day.</p>
<p>And you might think to yourself, wow, 15 minutes.</p>
<p>Everybody that I know who's very good at guitar practices for at least an hour a day.</p>
<p>Well, you don't. And you need to get in the habit and get really good at practicing 15 minutes a day over the period of months, before you upgrade to 20 minutes, 30 minutes, 40 minutes even.</p>
<p>Okay, so the next thing is for things that remain difficult no matter what.</p>
<p>You know, not everything can be broken down into a tiny little habit that you take action on every single day.</p>
<p>Some things are just acutely difficult and you have to deal with them.</p>
<p>So there's a weird phenomenon I've noticed throughout my whole life, and that is that you can gamify resistance.</p>
<p>There's power to be absorbed from the feeling of resistance.</p>
<p>And this applies to pretty much everything in life where there is a significant amount of internal resistance.</p>
<p>When you overcome resistance, you absorb its power.</p>
<p>And the greater the resistance, the greater the power.</p>
<p>And understanding this truth can really change the way that you see the world.</p>
<p>Instead of seeing it as a bad thing that the rewards in life are hidden behind discomfort <span class="origin-text">paywalls<span class="translated-text">收费墙(阻止非付费用户浏览网页内容的屏蔽系统</span></span>), you'll view it as a good thing.</p>
<p>You'll see these pockets of discomfort as power-ups that you can absorb on demand.</p>
<p>They're lying around everywhere for you in life.</p>
<p>You know, asking a girl out, there will be a wall of discomfort there.</p>
<p>But overcoming that wall offers you the power regardless of the response.</p>
<p>You know, she could reject you or whatever, but it doesn't take away the fact that you overcame discomfort and you have become somebody who is better at overcoming discomfort.</p>
<p>And that is a <span class="origin-text">tangible<span class="translated-text">有形的</span></span>, powerful feeling to have. And it's a power that sticks with you.</p>
<p>So gamify discomfort.</p>
<p>And another way to gamify real life is to embrace risk.</p>
<p>If you become a risk taker, somebody who's more comfortable with risk, you'll gain the strength to bear life's pain.</p>
<p>Realize that by not taking risks in life, you're not saving yourself from pain.</p>
<p>All you're doing is trading away the acute discomfort of action for the slow-burning, longer-lasting decay of inaction, where feelings like despair and regret blossom.</p>
<p>You know, one reward that I'm currently <span class="origin-text">aspiring<span class="translated-text">有抱负的; 有志向的</span></span> to achieve right now <span class="origin-text">is less of<span class="translated-text"></span></span> a tangible physical reward, but more of a feeling.</p>
<p>The feeling of sort of calm and peacefulness and <span class="origin-text">tranquility<span class="translated-text">宁静</span></span>.</p>
<p>And I want to invite that feeling into my life so that I can just be at peace with myself.</p>
<p>And I know for a fact that's a feeling that video games can't really give me.</p>
<p>There's a reason why people play video games.</p>
<p>They're super fun. They're super compelling. But the video game rewards pale in comparison to the type of rewards that life can give you when it starts going your way.</p>
<p>And if it feels like <span class="origin-text">it's been a while since it's been going your way<span class="translated-text">已经有一段时间没有按你的方式发展了</span></span>, I hope at least that this video has given you some ideas you can <span class="origin-text">sink your teeth into<span class="translated-text">全神贯注地投入</span></span> so you start feeling better really soon.</p>
