
Well, I agree with the statement that kids who play team sports can actually have ==better social skills.== That is because I think this kind of sports, like basketball or football, actually ==involve a lot of interaction and communication==, so for example, when playing football, kids have to ==work together to come up with different strategies to win the game== and also they have to ==practice making long or short pass to each other== and stuff like that, so in the whole process they may ==talk== with each other a lot and ==communicate== with each other a lot which can actually ==improve their social skills==.

playing sports as children encourage's people to become overly aggressive later in life.

## 经济方面
==Cultivate, Enhance, Foster, Refine==
==Developing Children’s Financial Management Skills==
==Improving Budgetary Control Abilities==
==Foster Self-reliance and self-improvement characters==
which will be conducive to their development and construction of personality

D
Well, In my opinion, I disagree with the statement that playing sports as children encourages people to become overly aggressive later in life. That is because most sports are team activities, and team sports can actually help children develop better social skills. For example, basketball or football, they actually involve a lot of interaction and communication. When playing football, kids have to work together to come up with different strategies to win the game. They also have to practice making long or short passes to each other, and so on. So, in the entire process, they develop good social skills rather than becoming aggressive.

**Some people prefer to do team sports, others prefer to do individual sports. which do you prefer and why?**

Well, In my opinion, I prefer do team sports because I believe they can improve my social skills. I mean, when I'm playing football, I need to communicate with my teammates and talk to them a lot. We have to train and practice some strategies with each other like long and short passes. In this entire process, I can develop good social skills.

1 2023.1.1-3（2021.11.13线下/2022.6.5-5/2022.6.25 NA 线下/2022.10.23-1 ）

Some people prefer to do team sports. Others prefer to do individual sports. Which do you prefer and why?

2 2023.1.1-5（重复2021.1.30 线下/2021.5.23-7）

A/D：Children who participate in organized team sports are better socially developed than children who do not.

3 2023.4.16-1（重复2021.3.13 线下/2021.11.14-11/2022.3.17-4/2022.4.17-3/ 2022.7.9 PM）

Some parents do not give their young children electronic devices because they believe such devices could harm the children's social development. Do you agree with this viewpoint? Explain why or why not, using specific examples and details.

4 2023.5.26-4(重复2021.9.25线下/2022.2.13-9)

==A/D： Many professional athletes are paid too much money. Explain why, using details and examples to support your opinion.==

In my opinion, I disagree with the statement that many professional athletes are paid too much money because being a professional athlete is a pretty hard thing. Let's take football players as an example; ==they are pretty busy and need to wake up very early, like at 4:00 am==. And They need to go through their daily training routines, like making long or short passes to each other. However, ==they might get hurt in the process, and even worse, they could become disabled==. Besides, many top athletes achieve their goals solely depend on talent rather than effort, which is a kind of emotional damage they have to deal with every day. So, the real professional athletes are well-deserving of the money they get paid.

5 4 2023.3.19-2（重复 2019.5.11/2020.8.3-2/2021.3.15-6/2022.3.17-5）

A/D: Children do not learn anything valuable from video games.








